Facebook © 2020David McKinley21 hrs · #ICYMI: I cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers.Throughout the country, many newspapers are facing economic hardships due to a changing business model. These struggles started before COVID-19, but the pandemic has only heightened them. We need to make sure these publications can stay in business and continue to provide important public services through this crisis and beyond.More here: https://www.wvnews.com/…/article_3c23e50d-381d-5984-9de4-b3…WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WVNEWS.COMWest Virginia's McKinley sponsors bill to preserve local newspapersWASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.2929David McKinleyAugust 9 at 6:40 AM · ICYMI: This morning on West Virginia Public Broadcasting Inside Appalachia podcast, I talked about my great uncle Louis Bennett, a flying ace in World War I and the importance of growing the aviation industry here in the Mountain State. ✈️➡️https://www.wvpublic.org/post/flying-high-and-around-appalachia#stream/0Many of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchWVPUBLIC.ORGFlying High In, From, And Around AppalachiaMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itch1616David McKinleyAugust 8 at 7:15 AM · This week, I joined a group of 84 Members of Congress in sending a letter to Postmaster General Louis DeJoy expressing deep concerns about the locations scheduled for imminent closure or significant reduction in hours including Parkersburg, Beckley and East Side station in Fairmont.The USPS plays an essential role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive vital goods like medicine. Closing these offices and reducing hours of locations in rural communities will undercut that role. During my time serving in Congress, I have consistently protected the mission of the USPS and supported its workers. Ensuring the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during this crisis.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV3030David McKinleyAugust 7 at 11:15 AM · Yet again a better than expected jobs report. 1.8 million jobs were added to the economy and unemployment continues to fall – beating predictions!The Great American Comeback is underway! https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/07/jobs-report-july-2020.htmlTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.CNBC.COMPayrolls increase by nearly 1.8 million, topping expectations despite coronavirus resurgenceTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.Total nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.5656David McKinleyAugust 7 at 7:09 AM · Today on Purple Heart Day, we honor the brave men and women who were wounded and those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. Thank you for your service. Image may contain: text that says 'NATIONAL PURPLE HEART DAY AUGUST 7, 2020'1919TENOR3dDavid McKinleyAugust 5 at 7:15 AM · ICYMI: Last week, the Trump Administration and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced that more than 59 million COVID-19 tests have now been completed nationally – averaging over 810,000 per day over the past seven days. These recent actions build upon the Trump Administration’s continued commitment to ramp up testing.We know that increased testing is a key part of safely returning to work and school while closely monitoring and containing the spread of COVID-19. Throughout the pandemic, Congress has worked with the administration to provide vast resources to increase testing capacity around the country.https://ourworldindata.org/…/full-list-covid-19-tests-per-d…Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.OURWORLDINDATA.ORGDaily COVID-19 testsBecause not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.1818David McKinleyAugust 4 at 1:45 PM · Today, President Donald J. Trump signed the Great American Outdoors Act into law. I’m proud to have co-sponsored a House companion.This important bill will protect and ensure locations in West Virginia like the Monongahela National Forest or the New River Gorge National River can continue operations for generations to come.Image may contain: outdoor and nature, text that says '"Spanning at least the past couple of decades, no president has done more for conservation than President Trump." AURELIA SKIPWITH U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE DIRECTOR'The White HouseAugust 4 at 1:12 PM · "The Great American Outdoors Act alone is one of the greatest conservation achievements in U.S. history, and it would not have happened without the steadfast leadership of President Trump," Aurelia Skipwith writes.News of the day: http://45.wh.gov/bGHwAx3434David McKinleyAugust 4 at 8:23 AM · Happy Birthday to the U.S. Coast Guard! Thank you for 230 years of brave service.Image may contain: ocean, sky, outdoor and water, text that says 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY COAST GUARD EST. AUGUST 4, 1790'2525David McKinleyAugust 3 at 3:00 PM · The $10.1 million awarded in grants by U.S. Economic Development Administration will help rebuild West Virginia’s infrastructure and create jobs. The North Central West Virginia Airport project was one of 4 across West Virginia included.The North Central West Virginia Airport is a hub of growth and is helping attract aerospace jobs to diversify our economy. This funding will help support and expand its mission. It will allow the airport to renovate facilities, create jobs, and spur additional private sector investment. This is great news for the entire North Central West Virginia region!➡️https://www.eda.gov/news/press-releases/2020/08/03/wv.htmU.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...See more at EDA.GOV33David McKinleyAugust 3 at 8:56 AM · BREAKING NEWS: The Trump Administration announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing $462 million to modernize drinking water and wastewater infrastructure across rural America including counties in West Virginia District One.✅Grant County Public Service District: $750,000✅Town of Sand Fork: $500,000✅Tyler County Public Service District: $134,000...See MoreFILEMANAGER.CAPWIZ.COMfilemanager.capwiz.com2222David McKinleyJuly 31 at 2:54 PM · I hosted a call with educators from the West Virginia Education Association to listen to their concerns and discuss plans for the start of the school year. While ultimately state and local officials have the responsibility to develop a plan that works for their schools, Congress and the federal government must provide resources for schools to adjust to the pandemic.Image may contain: 1 person, sitting, table and indoor4141David McKinleyJuly 31 at 10:15 AM · Spoke with Jim Matuga on Positively West Virginia this morning on issues facing small business owners and what I hope to see in the next #COVID19 package. #positivelywvPlay	-58:19UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	1,362 ViewsPositively West Virginia was live.July 31 at 8:01 AM · Join today's WV Small Business MasterMind panel! We are looking forward to an insightful discussion with special guest panelist, U.S. Congressman David McKinley.11LikeDavid McKinleyJuly 31 at 9:23 AM · Recovered from #COVID19? Your plasma has antibodies that can help others fight the virus. Volunteer and donate your plasma.Find a donation center: http://coronavirus.gov.Play	-0:36UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	6,128 ViewsU.S. Department of Health and Human ServicesJuly 30 at 4:45 PM · "Americans who have recovered from COVID-19 have a key role to play by donating plasma with antibodies that have the potential to save lives and help beat the v...See More66David McKinleyJuly 30 at 6:46 AM · GREAT NEWS: US Postal Service officials reversed the decision to close the East Side Station in Fairmont. The closures of Parkersburg, Beckley and Fairmont are currently postponed while they reevaluate.The USPS plays a vital role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive important goods like medicine. I will continue to support postal workers and ensure the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during #COVID19.FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...WAJR.COMUSPS officials reverse Fairmont Post Office closure, for now | 104.5 FM & 1440 AM | The Voice of Morgantown | Morgantown, WVFAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the…FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...3535David McKinleyJuly 29 at 6:30 PM · Join me in watching the Perseverance rover take off on a 7-month voyage to Mars. The launch is scheduled for 7: 50 a.m. #CountdowntoMars Play	-2:30:41UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	551,845 ViewsNASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration was live.July 30 at 4:00 AM · Was there once life on Mars? Our Perseverance rover aims to find it out! On Thursday, July 30, watch our new robotic astrobiologist launch on a seven-month jour...See MoreLikeDavid McKinleyJuly 28 at 10:15 AM · BIG NEWS:The Federal Transit Administration (FTA) awarded West Virginia University $2,500,543 in #CARES Act funding. The grant will support operating, administrative, and preventive maintenance costs in order to respond and recover from the #COVID19 public health crisis.99David McKinleyJuly 27 at 9:47 AM · Exciting news for Parkersburg, can't wait to see how this partnership grows!The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.WVMETRONEWS.COMNew partnership produces potatoes at WVU Parkersburg for Mister Bee - WV MetroNewsThe first harvest will come soon in Wood County.The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.3434David McKinleyJuly 25 at 6:50 AM · A year ago, House Republicans and House Democrat leadership agreed to a two-year budget that included an agreement to prohibit controversial provisions added onto spending bills. Not even one year later, the Democrat House Majority under Speaker Pelosi have turned their back on the agreement, blowing through agreed-upon spending caps, and using spending bills to promote taxpayer funding of abortion, undermine border security, and attack coal and natural gas.This is just the latest example of Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats continuing to play politics rather than focusing on getting something done. They can’t be trusted. Instead of staying true to the bipartisan agreement, Speaker Pelosi chose to continue to play partisan games.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV2727David McKinleyJuly 24 at 1:54 PM · Our hospitals are the backbone of our healthcare system. Even before this crisis, many hospitals in rural areas and small communities have been struggling. The trend of hospital closures is alarming and threatens access to care for millions across the country.That is why I cosponsored a bill that would provide critical relief to hospitals at a time when our health care system is stretched thin. This help will ensure they can keep their doors open and continue playing a vital role in providing care.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV1313Facebook © 2020David McKinley21 hrs · #ICYMI: I cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers.Throughout the country, many newspapers are facing economic hardships due to a changing business model. These struggles started before COVID-19, but the pandemic has only heightened them. We need to make sure these publications can stay in business and continue to provide important public services through this crisis and beyond.More here: https://www.wvnews.com/…/article_3c23e50d-381d-5984-9de4-b3…WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WVNEWS.COMWest Virginia's McKinley sponsors bill to preserve local newspapersWASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.2929David McKinleyAugust 9 at 6:40 AM · ICYMI: This morning on West Virginia Public Broadcasting Inside Appalachia podcast, I talked about my great uncle Louis Bennett, a flying ace in World War I and the importance of growing the aviation industry here in the Mountain State. ✈️➡️https://www.wvpublic.org/post/flying-high-and-around-appalachia#stream/0Many of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchWVPUBLIC.ORGFlying High In, From, And Around AppalachiaMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itch1616David McKinleyAugust 8 at 7:15 AM · This week, I joined a group of 84 Members of Congress in sending a letter to Postmaster General Louis DeJoy expressing deep concerns about the locations scheduled for imminent closure or significant reduction in hours including Parkersburg, Beckley and East Side station in Fairmont.The USPS plays an essential role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive vital goods like medicine. Closing these offices and reducing hours of locations in rural communities will undercut that role. During my time serving in Congress, I have consistently protected the mission of the USPS and supported its workers. Ensuring the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during this crisis.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV3030David McKinleyAugust 7 at 11:15 AM · Yet again a better than expected jobs report. 1.8 million jobs were added to the economy and unemployment continues to fall – beating predictions!The Great American Comeback is underway! https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/07/jobs-report-july-2020.htmlTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.CNBC.COMPayrolls increase by nearly 1.8 million, topping expectations despite coronavirus resurgenceTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.Total nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.5656David McKinleyAugust 7 at 7:09 AM · Today on Purple Heart Day, we honor the brave men and women who were wounded and those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. Thank you for your service. Image may contain: text that says 'NATIONAL PURPLE HEART DAY AUGUST 7, 2020'1919David McKinleyAugust 5 at 7:15 AM · ICYMI: Last week, the Trump Administration and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced that more than 59 million COVID-19 tests have now been completed nationally – averaging over 810,000 per day over the past seven days. These recent actions build upon the Trump Administration’s continued commitment to ramp up testing.We know that increased testing is a key part of safely returning to work and school while closely monitoring and containing the spread of COVID-19. Throughout the pandemic, Congress has worked with the administration to provide vast resources to increase testing capacity around the country.https://ourworldindata.org/…/full-list-covid-19-tests-per-d…Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.OURWORLDINDATA.ORGDaily COVID-19 testsBecause not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.1818David McKinleyAugust 4 at 1:45 PM · Today, President Donald J. Trump signed the Great American Outdoors Act into law. I’m proud to have co-sponsored a House companion.This important bill will protect and ensure locations in West Virginia like the Monongahela National Forest or the New River Gorge National River can continue operations for generations to come.Image may contain: outdoor and nature, text that says '"Spanning at least the past couple of decades, no president has done more for conservation than President Trump." AURELIA SKIPWITH U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE DIRECTOR'The White HouseAugust 4 at 1:12 PM · "The Great American Outdoors Act alone is one of the greatest conservation achievements in U.S. history, and it would not have happened without the steadfast leadership of President Trump," Aurelia Skipwith writes.News of the day: http://45.wh.gov/bGHwAx3434David McKinleyAugust 4 at 8:23 AM · Happy Birthday to the U.S. Coast Guard! Thank you for 230 years of brave service.Image may contain: ocean, sky, outdoor and water, text that says 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY COAST GUARD EST. AUGUST 4, 1790'2525David McKinleyAugust 3 at 3:00 PM · The $10.1 million awarded in grants by U.S. Economic Development Administration will help rebuild West Virginia’s infrastructure and create jobs. The North Central West Virginia Airport project was one of 4 across West Virginia included.The North Central West Virginia Airport is a hub of growth and is helping attract aerospace jobs to diversify our economy. This funding will help support and expand its mission. It will allow the airport to renovate facilities, create jobs, and spur additional private sector investment. This is great news for the entire North Central West Virginia region!➡️https://www.eda.gov/news/press-releases/2020/08/03/wv.htmU.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...See more at EDA.GOV33David McKinleyAugust 3 at 8:56 AM · BREAKING NEWS: The Trump Administration announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing $462 million to modernize drinking water and wastewater infrastructure across rural America including counties in West Virginia District One.✅Grant County Public Service District: $750,000✅Town of Sand Fork: $500,000✅Tyler County Public Service District: $134,000...See MoreFILEMANAGER.CAPWIZ.COMfilemanager.capwiz.com2222David McKinleyJuly 31 at 2:54 PM · I hosted a call with educators from the West Virginia Education Association to listen to their concerns and discuss plans for the start of the school year. While ultimately state and local officials have the responsibility to develop a plan that works for their schools, Congress and the federal government must provide resources for schools to adjust to the pandemic.Image may contain: 1 person, sitting, table and indoor4141David McKinleyJuly 31 at 10:15 AM · Spoke with Jim Matuga on Positively West Virginia this morning on issues facing small business owners and what I hope to see in the next #COVID19 package. #positivelywvPlay	-58:19UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	1,362 ViewsPositively West Virginia was live.July 31 at 8:01 AM · Join today's WV Small Business MasterMind panel! We are looking forward to an insightful discussion with special guest panelist, U.S. Congressman David McKinley.11LikeDavid McKinleyJuly 31 at 9:23 AM · Recovered from #COVID19? Your plasma has antibodies that can help others fight the virus. Volunteer and donate your plasma.Find a donation center: http://coronavirus.gov.Play	-0:36UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	6,128 ViewsU.S. Department of Health and Human ServicesJuly 30 at 4:45 PM · "Americans who have recovered from COVID-19 have a key role to play by donating plasma with antibodies that have the potential to save lives and help beat the v...See More66David McKinleyJuly 30 at 6:46 AM · GREAT NEWS: US Postal Service officials reversed the decision to close the East Side Station in Fairmont. The closures of Parkersburg, Beckley and Fairmont are currently postponed while they reevaluate.The USPS plays a vital role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive important goods like medicine. I will continue to support postal workers and ensure the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during #COVID19.FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...WAJR.COMUSPS officials reverse Fairmont Post Office closure, for now | 104.5 FM & 1440 AM | The Voice of Morgantown | Morgantown, WVFAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the…FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...3535David McKinleyJuly 29 at 6:30 PM · Join me in watching the Perseverance rover take off on a 7-month voyage to Mars. The launch is scheduled for 7: 50 a.m. #CountdowntoMars Play	-2:30:41UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	551,845 ViewsNASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration was live.July 30 at 4:00 AM · Was there once life on Mars? Our Perseverance rover aims to find it out! On Thursday, July 30, watch our new robotic astrobiologist launch on a seven-month jour...See MoreLikeDavid McKinleyJuly 28 at 10:15 AM · BIG NEWS:The Federal Transit Administration (FTA) awarded West Virginia University $2,500,543 in #CARES Act funding. The grant will support operating, administrative, and preventive maintenance costs in order to respond and recover from the #COVID19 public health crisis.99David McKinleyJuly 27 at 9:47 AM · Exciting news for Parkersburg, can't wait to see how this partnership grows!The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.WVMETRONEWS.COMNew partnership produces potatoes at WVU Parkersburg for Mister Bee - WV MetroNewsThe first harvest will come soon in Wood County.The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.3434David McKinleyJuly 25 at 6:50 AM · A year ago, House Republicans and House Democrat leadership agreed to a two-year budget that included an agreement to prohibit controversial provisions added onto spending bills. Not even one year later, the Democrat House Majority under Speaker Pelosi have turned their back on the agreement, blowing through agreed-upon spending caps, and using spending bills to promote taxpayer funding of abortion, undermine border security, and attack coal and natural gas.This is just the latest example of Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats continuing to play politics rather than focusing on getting something done. They can’t be trusted. Instead of staying true to the bipartisan agreement, Speaker Pelosi chose to continue to play partisan games.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV2727David McKinleyJuly 24 at 1:54 PM · Our hospitals are the backbone of our healthcare system. Even before this crisis, many hospitals in rural areas and small communities have been struggling. The trend of hospital closures is alarming and threatens access to care for millions across the country.That is why I cosponsored a bill that would provide critical relief to hospitals at a time when our health care system is stretched thin. This help will ensure they can keep their doors open and continue playing a vital role in providing care.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV1313Facebook © 2020David McKinley21 hrs · #ICYMI: I cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers.Throughout the country, many newspapers are facing economic hardships due to a changing business model. These struggles started before COVID-19, but the pandemic has only heightened them. We need to make sure these publications can stay in business and continue to provide important public services through this crisis and beyond.More here: https://www.wvnews.com/…/article_3c23e50d-381d-5984-9de4-b3…WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WVNEWS.COMWest Virginia's McKinley sponsors bill to preserve local newspapersWASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.2929David McKinleyAugust 9 at 6:40 AM · ICYMI: This morning on West Virginia Public Broadcasting Inside Appalachia podcast, I talked about my great uncle Louis Bennett, a flying ace in World War I and the importance of growing the aviation industry here in the Mountain State. ✈️➡️https://www.wvpublic.org/post/flying-high-and-around-appalachia#stream/0Many of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchWVPUBLIC.ORGFlying High In, From, And Around AppalachiaMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itch1616David McKinleyAugust 8 at 7:15 AM · This week, I joined a group of 84 Members of Congress in sending a letter to Postmaster General Louis DeJoy expressing deep concerns about the locations scheduled for imminent closure or significant reduction in hours including Parkersburg, Beckley and East Side station in Fairmont.The USPS plays an essential role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive vital goods like medicine. Closing these offices and reducing hours of locations in rural communities will undercut that role. During my time serving in Congress, I have consistently protected the mission of the USPS and supported its workers. Ensuring the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during this crisis.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV3030David McKinleyAugust 7 at 11:15 AM · Yet again a better than expected jobs report. 1.8 million jobs were added to the economy and unemployment continues to fall – beating predictions!The Great American Comeback is underway! https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/07/jobs-report-july-2020.htmlTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.CNBC.COMPayrolls increase by nearly 1.8 million, topping expectations despite coronavirus resurgenceTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.Total nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.5656David McKinleyAugust 7 at 7:09 AM · Today on Purple Heart Day, we honor the brave men and women who were wounded and those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. Thank you for your service. Image may contain: text that says 'NATIONAL PURPLE HEART DAY AUGUST 7, 2020'1919David McKinleyAugust 5 at 7:15 AM · ICYMI: Last week, the Trump Administration and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced that more than 59 million COVID-19 tests have now been completed nationally – averaging over 810,000 per day over the past seven days. These recent actions build upon the Trump Administration’s continued commitment to ramp up testing.We know that increased testing is a key part of safely returning to work and school while closely monitoring and containing the spread of COVID-19. Throughout the pandemic, Congress has worked with the administration to provide vast resources to increase testing capacity around the country.https://ourworldindata.org/…/full-list-covid-19-tests-per-d…Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.OURWORLDINDATA.ORGDaily COVID-19 testsBecause not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.1818David McKinleyAugust 4 at 1:45 PM · Today, President Donald J. Trump signed the Great American Outdoors Act into law. I’m proud to have co-sponsored a House companion.This important bill will protect and ensure locations in West Virginia like the Monongahela National Forest or the New River Gorge National River can continue operations for generations to come.Image may contain: outdoor and nature, text that says '"Spanning at least the past couple of decades, no president has done more for conservation than President Trump." AURELIA SKIPWITH U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE DIRECTOR'The White HouseAugust 4 at 1:12 PM · "The Great American Outdoors Act alone is one of the greatest conservation achievements in U.S. history, and it would not have happened without the steadfast leadership of President Trump," Aurelia Skipwith writes.News of the day: http://45.wh.gov/bGHwAx3434David McKinleyAugust 4 at 8:23 AM · Happy Birthday to the U.S. Coast Guard! Thank you for 230 years of brave service.Image may contain: ocean, sky, outdoor and water, text that says 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY COAST GUARD EST. AUGUST 4, 1790'2525David McKinleyAugust 3 at 3:00 PM · The $10.1 million awarded in grants by U.S. Economic Development Administration will help rebuild West Virginia’s infrastructure and create jobs. The North Central West Virginia Airport project was one of 4 across West Virginia included.The North Central West Virginia Airport is a hub of growth and is helping attract aerospace jobs to diversify our economy. This funding will help support and expand its mission. It will allow the airport to renovate facilities, create jobs, and spur additional private sector investment. This is great news for the entire North Central West Virginia region!➡️https://www.eda.gov/news/press-releases/2020/08/03/wv.htmU.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...See more at EDA.GOV33David McKinleyAugust 3 at 8:56 AM · BREAKING NEWS: The Trump Administration announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing $462 million to modernize drinking water and wastewater infrastructure across rural America including counties in West Virginia District One.✅Grant County Public Service District: $750,000✅Town of Sand Fork: $500,000✅Tyler County Public Service District: $134,000...See MoreFILEMANAGER.CAPWIZ.COMfilemanager.capwiz.com2222David McKinleyJuly 31 at 2:54 PM · I hosted a call with educators from the West Virginia Education Association to listen to their concerns and discuss plans for the start of the school year. While ultimately state and local officials have the responsibility to develop a plan that works for their schools, Congress and the federal government must provide resources for schools to adjust to the pandemic.Image may contain: 1 person, sitting, table and indoor4141David McKinleyJuly 31 at 10:15 AM · Spoke with Jim Matuga on Positively West Virginia this morning on issues facing small business owners and what I hope to see in the next #COVID19 package. #positivelywvPlay	-58:19UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	1,362 ViewsPositively West Virginia was live.July 31 at 8:01 AM · Join today's WV Small Business MasterMind panel! We are looking forward to an insightful discussion with special guest panelist, U.S. Congressman David McKinley.11LikeDavid McKinleyJuly 31 at 9:23 AM · Recovered from #COVID19? Your plasma has antibodies that can help others fight the virus. Volunteer and donate your plasma.Find a donation center: http://coronavirus.gov.Play	-0:36UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	6,128 ViewsU.S. Department of Health and Human ServicesJuly 30 at 4:45 PM · "Americans who have recovered from COVID-19 have a key role to play by donating plasma with antibodies that have the potential to save lives and help beat the v...See More66David McKinleyJuly 30 at 6:46 AM · GREAT NEWS: US Postal Service officials reversed the decision to close the East Side Station in Fairmont. The closures of Parkersburg, Beckley and Fairmont are currently postponed while they reevaluate.The USPS plays a vital role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive important goods like medicine. I will continue to support postal workers and ensure the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during #COVID19.FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...WAJR.COMUSPS officials reverse Fairmont Post Office closure, for now | 104.5 FM & 1440 AM | The Voice of Morgantown | Morgantown, WVFAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the…FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...3535David McKinleyJuly 29 at 6:30 PM · Join me in watching the Perseverance rover take off on a 7-month voyage to Mars. The launch is scheduled for 7: 50 a.m. #CountdowntoMars Play	-2:30:41UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	551,845 ViewsNASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration was live.July 30 at 4:00 AM · Was there once life on Mars? Our Perseverance rover aims to find it out! On Thursday, July 30, watch our new robotic astrobiologist launch on a seven-month jour...See MoreLikeDavid McKinleyJuly 28 at 10:15 AM · BIG NEWS:The Federal Transit Administration (FTA) awarded West Virginia University $2,500,543 in #CARES Act funding. The grant will support operating, administrative, and preventive maintenance costs in order to respond and recover from the #COVID19 public health crisis.99David McKinleyJuly 27 at 9:47 AM · Exciting news for Parkersburg, can't wait to see how this partnership grows!The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.WVMETRONEWS.COMNew partnership produces potatoes at WVU Parkersburg for Mister Bee - WV MetroNewsThe first harvest will come soon in Wood County.The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.3434David McKinleyJuly 25 at 6:50 AM · A year ago, House Republicans and House Democrat leadership agreed to a two-year budget that included an agreement to prohibit controversial provisions added onto spending bills. Not even one year later, the Democrat House Majority under Speaker Pelosi have turned their back on the agreement, blowing through agreed-upon spending caps, and using spending bills to promote taxpayer funding of abortion, undermine border security, and attack coal and natural gas.This is just the latest example of Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats continuing to play politics rather than focusing on getting something done. They can’t be trusted. Instead of staying true to the bipartisan agreement, Speaker Pelosi chose to continue to play partisan games.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV2727David McKinleyJuly 24 at 1:54 PM · Our hospitals are the backbone of our healthcare system. Even before this crisis, many hospitals in rural areas and small communities have been struggling. The trend of hospital closures is alarming and threatens access to care for millions across the country.That is why I cosponsored a bill that would provide critical relief to hospitals at a time when our health care system is stretched thin. This help will ensure they can keep their doors open and continue playing a vital role in providing care.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV1313Facebook © 2020David McKinley21 hrs · #ICYMI: I cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers.Throughout the country, many newspapers are facing economic hardships due to a changing business model. These struggles started before COVID-19, but the pandemic has only heightened them. We need to make sure these publications can stay in business and continue to provide important public services through this crisis and beyond.More here: https://www.wvnews.com/…/article_3c23e50d-381d-5984-9de4-b3…WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WVNEWS.COMWest Virginia's McKinley sponsors bill to preserve local newspapersWASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.WASHINGTON (WV News) — U.S. Rep. David McKinley, R-W.Va., recently cosponsored a bipartisan bill to support local newspapers in communities throughout the United States.2929David McKinleyAugust 9 at 6:40 AM · ICYMI: This morning on West Virginia Public Broadcasting Inside Appalachia podcast, I talked about my great uncle Louis Bennett, a flying ace in World War I and the importance of growing the aviation industry here in the Mountain State. ✈️➡️https://www.wvpublic.org/post/flying-high-and-around-appalachia#stream/0Many of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchWVPUBLIC.ORGFlying High In, From, And Around AppalachiaMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itchMany of us are dreaming about the things we want to do when this pandemic is over — like traveling someplace far away. If you have wanderlust, or the itch1616David McKinleyAugust 8 at 7:15 AM · This week, I joined a group of 84 Members of Congress in sending a letter to Postmaster General Louis DeJoy expressing deep concerns about the locations scheduled for imminent closure or significant reduction in hours including Parkersburg, Beckley and East Side station in Fairmont.The USPS plays an essential role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive vital goods like medicine. Closing these offices and reducing hours of locations in rural communities will undercut that role. During my time serving in Congress, I have consistently protected the mission of the USPS and supported its workers. Ensuring the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during this crisis.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.McKinley Calls on Postal Service to Reverse Service CutsOver the past decade, declining mail volume has caused the USPS to lose money and put it in a precarious financial situation. With the pandemic, mail volume has declined even further.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV3030David McKinleyAugust 7 at 11:15 AM · Yet again a better than expected jobs report. 1.8 million jobs were added to the economy and unemployment continues to fall – beating predictions!The Great American Comeback is underway! https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/07/jobs-report-july-2020.htmlTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.CNBC.COMPayrolls increase by nearly 1.8 million, topping expectations despite coronavirus resurgenceTotal nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.Total nonfarm payrolls increased 1.763 million for the month, and the unemployment rate fell to 10.2%, both better than estimates.5656David McKinleyAugust 7 at 7:09 AM · Today on Purple Heart Day, we honor the brave men and women who were wounded and those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. Thank you for your service. Image may contain: text that says 'NATIONAL PURPLE HEART DAY AUGUST 7, 2020'1919David McKinleyAugust 5 at 7:15 AM · ICYMI: Last week, the Trump Administration and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced that more than 59 million COVID-19 tests have now been completed nationally – averaging over 810,000 per day over the past seven days. These recent actions build upon the Trump Administration’s continued commitment to ramp up testing.We know that increased testing is a key part of safely returning to work and school while closely monitoring and containing the spread of COVID-19. Throughout the pandemic, Congress has worked with the administration to provide vast resources to increase testing capacity around the country.https://ourworldindata.org/…/full-list-covid-19-tests-per-d…Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.OURWORLDINDATA.ORGDaily COVID-19 testsBecause not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.Because not all countries report testing data on a daily basis, daily test figures are not available for some countries in our dataset.1818David McKinleyAugust 4 at 1:45 PM · Today, President Donald J. Trump signed the Great American Outdoors Act into law. I’m proud to have co-sponsored a House companion.This important bill will protect and ensure locations in West Virginia like the Monongahela National Forest or the New River Gorge National River can continue operations for generations to come.Image may contain: outdoor and nature, text that says '"Spanning at least the past couple of decades, no president has done more for conservation than President Trump." AURELIA SKIPWITH U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE DIRECTOR'The White HouseAugust 4 at 1:12 PM · "The Great American Outdoors Act alone is one of the greatest conservation achievements in U.S. history, and it would not have happened without the steadfast leadership of President Trump," Aurelia Skipwith writes.News of the day: http://45.wh.gov/bGHwAx3434David McKinleyAugust 4 at 8:23 AM · Happy Birthday to the U.S. Coast Guard! Thank you for 230 years of brave service.Image may contain: ocean, sky, outdoor and water, text that says 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY COAST GUARD EST. AUGUST 4, 1790'2525David McKinleyAugust 3 at 3:00 PM · The $10.1 million awarded in grants by U.S. Economic Development Administration will help rebuild West Virginia’s infrastructure and create jobs. The North Central West Virginia Airport project was one of 4 across West Virginia included.The North Central West Virginia Airport is a hub of growth and is helping attract aerospace jobs to diversify our economy. This funding will help support and expand its mission. It will allow the airport to renovate facilities, create jobs, and spur additional private sector investment. This is great news for the entire North Central West Virginia region!➡️https://www.eda.gov/news/press-releases/2020/08/03/wv.htmU.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...U.S. Department of Commerce Invests $10.1 Million in West Virginia to Support Local Strategies to Spur Business and Job Growth, Including in Opportunity Zones | U.S. Economic Development AdministrationWASHINGTON – Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced that the Department’s Economic Development Administration (EDA) is investing $10.1 million in the state of West Virginia to protect businesses from flooding, spur growth in a critical industry sector, boost workforce training e...See more at EDA.GOV33David McKinleyAugust 3 at 8:56 AM · BREAKING NEWS: The Trump Administration announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture is investing $462 million to modernize drinking water and wastewater infrastructure across rural America including counties in West Virginia District One.✅Grant County Public Service District: $750,000✅Town of Sand Fork: $500,000✅Tyler County Public Service District: $134,000...See MoreFILEMANAGER.CAPWIZ.COMfilemanager.capwiz.com2222David McKinleyJuly 31 at 2:54 PM · I hosted a call with educators from the West Virginia Education Association to listen to their concerns and discuss plans for the start of the school year. While ultimately state and local officials have the responsibility to develop a plan that works for their schools, Congress and the federal government must provide resources for schools to adjust to the pandemic.Image may contain: 1 person, sitting, table and indoor4141David McKinleyJuly 31 at 10:15 AM · Spoke with Jim Matuga on Positively West Virginia this morning on issues facing small business owners and what I hope to see in the next #COVID19 package. #positivelywvPlay	-58:19UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	1,362 ViewsPositively West Virginia was live.July 31 at 8:01 AM · Join today's WV Small Business MasterMind panel! We are looking forward to an insightful discussion with special guest panelist, U.S. Congressman David McKinley.11LikeDavid McKinleyJuly 31 at 9:23 AM · Recovered from #COVID19? Your plasma has antibodies that can help others fight the virus. Volunteer and donate your plasma.Find a donation center: http://coronavirus.gov.Play	-0:36UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	6,128 ViewsU.S. Department of Health and Human ServicesJuly 30 at 4:45 PM · "Americans who have recovered from COVID-19 have a key role to play by donating plasma with antibodies that have the potential to save lives and help beat the v...See More66David McKinleyJuly 30 at 6:46 AM · GREAT NEWS: US Postal Service officials reversed the decision to close the East Side Station in Fairmont. The closures of Parkersburg, Beckley and Fairmont are currently postponed while they reevaluate.The USPS plays a vital role in keeping people connected and ensuring customers receive important goods like medicine. I will continue to support postal workers and ensure the service many West Virginians count on continues especially during #COVID19.FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...WAJR.COMUSPS officials reverse Fairmont Post Office closure, for now | 104.5 FM & 1440 AM | The Voice of Morgantown | Morgantown, WVFAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the…FAIRMONT, W.Va. - On Friday, officials from the U.S. Postal Service announced the closure of several offices across West Virginia. According to president of the American Postal Worker's Union, Sinika Melvin that decision was quickly reversed on Monday. "They did decide to postpone the ...3535David McKinleyJuly 29 at 6:30 PM · Join me in watching the Perseverance rover take off on a 7-month voyage to Mars. The launch is scheduled for 7: 50 a.m. #CountdowntoMars Play	-2:30:41UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	551,845 ViewsNASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration was live.July 30 at 4:00 AM · Was there once life on Mars? Our Perseverance rover aims to find it out! On Thursday, July 30, watch our new robotic astrobiologist launch on a seven-month jour...See MoreLikeDavid McKinleyJuly 28 at 10:15 AM · BIG NEWS:The Federal Transit Administration (FTA) awarded West Virginia University $2,500,543 in #CARES Act funding. The grant will support operating, administrative, and preventive maintenance costs in order to respond and recover from the #COVID19 public health crisis.99David McKinleyJuly 27 at 9:47 AM · Exciting news for Parkersburg, can't wait to see how this partnership grows!The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.WVMETRONEWS.COMNew partnership produces potatoes at WVU Parkersburg for Mister Bee - WV MetroNewsThe first harvest will come soon in Wood County.The first harvest will come soon in Wood County.3434David McKinleyJuly 25 at 6:50 AM · A year ago, House Republicans and House Democrat leadership agreed to a two-year budget that included an agreement to prohibit controversial provisions added onto spending bills. Not even one year later, the Democrat House Majority under Speaker Pelosi have turned their back on the agreement, blowing through agreed-upon spending caps, and using spending bills to promote taxpayer funding of abortion, undermine border security, and attack coal and natural gas.This is just the latest example of Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats continuing to play politics rather than focusing on getting something done. They can’t be trusted. Instead of staying true to the bipartisan agreement, Speaker Pelosi chose to continue to play partisan games.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.House Democrat Leadership Continue to Play Partisan PoliticsAs a result, U.S. Representative David B. McKinley, P.E. (R-W.Va.) voted no on the first funding package in the House today, and will oppose any spending bills that abandon spending limits and include far-left policies.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV2727David McKinleyJuly 24 at 1:54 PM · Our hospitals are the backbone of our healthcare system. Even before this crisis, many hospitals in rural areas and small communities have been struggling. The trend of hospital closures is alarming and threatens access to care for millions across the country.That is why I cosponsored a bill that would provide critical relief to hospitals at a time when our health care system is stretched thin. This help will ensure they can keep their doors open and continue playing a vital role in providing care.https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx…McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.McKinley Introduces Legislation Providing Critical Relief to Rural HospitalsThe bill would forgive repayments, extend the timeline of repayments, and lower the interest rate of Medicare Advanced Payments (MAP) made during the pandemic.See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV1313David McKinleyJuly 23 at 8:09 AM · Every day, West Virginia miners go to work in difficult conditions to keep the lights on across America. The #COVID_19 pandemic increases the need for stronger safety protections for these miners.That is why Congressman Matt Cartwright and I introduced a bipartisan bill that would ensure reasonable workplace safety standards to protect miners from COVID-19 on the job and ensures miners can continue their essential work without fear of further endangering themselves or their families.➡️https://mckinley.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=2826McKinley, Cartwright Introduce Bipartisan Legislation to Protect Mine Workers from COVID-19 Health Risks“Every day, West Virginia miners go to work in difficult conditions to keep the lights on across America,” said Rep. McKinley. “The COVID-19 pandemic increases the need for stronger safety protections for these miners. This bipartisan bill would ensure reasonable workplace safety standards t...McKinley, Cartwright Introduce Bipartisan Legislation to Protect Mine Workers from COVID-19 Health Risks“Every day, West Virginia miners go to work in difficult conditions to keep the lights on across America,” said Rep. McKinley. “The COVID-19 pandemic increases the need for stronger safety protections for these miners. This bipartisan bill would ensure reasonable workplace safety standards t...See more at MCKINLEY.HOUSE.GOV88David McKinleyJuly 21 at 6:42 AM · Nothing like WVU Men's Basketball in the Coliseum, here's to 50 more years! #HailWV #Coliseum50Play	-6:51UnmuteAdditional Visual SettingsClick to enlargeSharing and reporting options	82,826 ViewsWVU Men's BasketballJuly 19 at 4:53 PM · There’s nothing like the WVU Coliseum. An iconic venue in college basketball. Our home for 5️⃣0️⃣ years. Coliseum50.com#Coliseum5066David McKinleyJuly 20 at 11:26 AM · July is #NationalParksMonth! A time to celebrate the natural beauty of our wild & wonderful Mountain State.That is why I am proud to be a co-sponsor on the House version of the Great American Outdoors Act, historic legislation that will permanently #FundLWCF & provide funding to #RestoreOurParks.Image may contain: text that says 'NATIONAL PARKS MONTH JULY 2020'1515David McKinleyJuly 18 at 5:48 AM · Today our nation lost a giant, John Lewis. I am honored to have served with him in Congress.After years of putting his body and his freedom on the line as an activist, he spent more than three decades in Congress.POLITICO.COMJohn Lewis, civil rights icon and longtime congressman, diesAfter years of putting his body and his freedom on the line as an activist, he spent more than three decades in Congress.After years of putting his body and his freedom on the line as an activist, he spent more than three decades in Congress.5353David McKinleyJuly 17 at 1:50 PM · Hosted a zoom meeting with West Virginia superintendents to discuss what the upcoming school year will look like due to the #COVID__19 pandemic.Image may contain: 1 person, eyeglasses and indoor3333David McKinleyJuly 17 at 6:30 AM ·  Attention Small Business Owners: Applications are now OPEN for the West Virginia #CARESAct Small Business Grant Funding.To find out more information or to apply:➡️https://grants.wv.gov/enImage may contain: text that says 'WEST VIRGINIA STRONG CARES Act Small Business Funding The Comeback $150 million will be available for West Virginia small businesses Any WV-based small business, in existence on February 29, 2020, with 1-35 employees will be able to apply for up to $5,000 in grant funding per business Guidelines and instructions on how to apply are available at: Grants.wv.gov WESTVIRGINIASTRONG-THE.COMEBACK'Governor Jim JusticeJuly 16 at 2:04 PM · Applications are OPEN for the West Virginia CARES Act Small Business Grant Program. Any WV-based small business, in existence on Feb. 29, 2020, with 1-35 employees, is able to apply for up to $5,000 in grant funding!Click here to apply: https://grants.wv.govDavid McKinleyJuly 16 at 8:45 AM · Establishing this hotline is a simple step that will help save lives, and I applaud Federal Communications Commission decision. When a veteran or anyone else is struggling with thoughts of suicide or experiencing a mental health crisis, the last thing they are thinking about is looking up a number to call.This has been a top priority for us since several veterans in the district brought it up at a round-table and we've led legislation to push the FCC to do this.Federal Communications CommissionJuly 16 at 8:40 AM · The FCC has approved rules to establish ‘988’ as the new, nationwide, 3-digit phone number to help Americans in crisis connect with suicide prevention and menta...See MoreAction Will Help Combat Rising Suicide Rates by Making It Easier for Americans in Crisis to Obtain Assistance from Trained CounselorsFCC.GOVFCC Designates 988 for the National Suicide Prevention LifelineAction Will Help Combat Rising Suicide Rates by Making It Easier for Americans in Crisis to Obtain Assistance from Trained CounselorsAction Will Help Combat Rising Suicide Rates by Making It Easier for Americans in Crisis to Obtain Assistance from Trained Counselors1919David McKinleyJuly 15 at 3:14 PM · The NEPA affects a wide range of projects from construction of pipelines to highways, but the current regulations have become overly complex and burdensome.The new NEPA rule will allow us to streamline critical infrastructure projects, create much needed construction jobs and get our economy moving again.➡️https://www.whitehouse.gov/ceq/nepa-modernization/Image may contain: text that says 'BUILDING A STRONG AMERICA OLD PROCESS 7 YEARS for Highway Projects NEW PROCESS 2 YEARS for Highway Projects'1010